Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Designactiv collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from Designactiv users (each, a “User”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Our WEBSITE.

Personal identification information

We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.

Non-personal identification information

We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.

Web browser cookies

Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.

How we use collected information

Our WEBSITEmay collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:

To improve customer service information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently. – To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site we may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments we may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature to send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails we may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email
How we protect your information

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.

Sharing your personal information

We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.

Third party websites

Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.

Changes to this privacy policy

Our WEBSITEhas the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

Your acceptance of these terms

By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

GOOGLE DATA USAGE

This software posts videos your create with the app to your YouTube account at your request, as such it is authenticated with YouTube and we store your token in our database. This information is not shared with any other third parties, and you can revoke access at any time within your Google account (https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions). For information on how Google uses data obtained via Youtube API, see https://policies.google.com/privacy

MINORS

We do not knowingly collect information from individuals under eighteen (18) years of age, or persons who are otherwise covered by the provisions of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, as amended (“COPPA”). No information should be submitted to, or posted at, the Website by individuals under eighteen (18) years of age. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.

VIEWING, USE AND/OR COMMUNICATION IS CONSTRUED AS ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY

Acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy is a portion of the consideration required for your right to visit the Website. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy in their entirety, you have no right to visit the Website.

INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM ELECTRONIC MEANS AND COOKIES

We may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about you when you visit many of the sections of the Website. This non-personally identifiable information includes, without limitation, the type of browser that you use (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), your IP address, the type of operating system that you use (e.g., Windows or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink). We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of the Website and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze Website usage, as well as to offer you products and services. We also reserve the right to use aggregate or group data about our Visitors for any and all lawful purposes. Aggregate or group data is data that describes the demographics, usage and/or characteristics of our visitors as a group. By visiting and/or supplying your personal information at the Website, you agree to allow us to provide such aggregate data to third parties.

DATA SECURITY

All collected information is stored in a technically and physically secure environment. When our registration/application process asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), and when we store and transmit such sensitive information, it is encrypted and protected with SSL encryption software. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect sensitive information and other personal information off-line. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet, or otherwise, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your sensitive information and other personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.

Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems. Access to this personal information is strictly limited, and not accessible to the public. All of our users’ personal information, not just sensitive information, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personal information. Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all AvatarBuilder user personal information. Employees not adhering to our written firm policies are subject to disciplinary action. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we shall notify you and any applicable regulatory agencies in the event that we learn of an information security breach with respect to your personal information. You will be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures.

GDPR Compliance Information:
GDPR (EU General Data Protection Regulation)

We here at Our WEBSITEare meeting the new requirements for how we process EU personal data. We embrace these changes, and our policy updates and reflect the transparency that this new law requires.

Our WEBSITEis GDPR compliant so that our clients can use shared marketing services automation with ease.

At Our WEBSITEwe take data confidentiality seriously and meet data privacy regulations, and support organizations that uses shared marketing services while meeting data privacy requirements across the globe.

This privacy policy notice is for this website: Our WEBSITEand governs the privacy of those who use it. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information while browsing or using this website, including your rights under current laws and regulations. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing / using this website.

Personal Information

We may collect personal data from Users in a variety of forms, including, but not limited to, when: –

Users visit our site
Register on the site
Place an order
Subscribe to the newsletter
Fill out a form, and
In connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.
Users may be asked for, name, email address, mailing address, credit card information. However they may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal data from Users only if they willingly submit information to us.

Users can always decline to provide personal information, except that it may stop them from engaging in certain Site related activities.

Non-personal information

We may collect non-personal identification information about users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal information may include

Browser name
The type of computer and
Technical information about users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers used and other similar information.
How we use the information gathered:

Our WEBSITEmay collect and use user’s personal info for the following purposes:

Information provided helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently. It also helps us to personalize user experience
We may use information collectively to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
We may use feedbacks provided to improve our products and services.
We may use the information Users provide about themselves while placing any order only to provide service to that order.
We do not share this information with third parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature to send Users information they agreed to receive about topics that would be of interest to them.
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
Opt-Out

Any individual has the right to opt-out of email communication from us at any point of time without any prior information. Each email sent by Our WEBSITEcontains a link that allows the individual to permanently opt-out of getting emails from us. Additionally, the email management allows the individual to manage the type of communication they receive from Our WEBSITEvia subscription management.

If you want your data to be removed permanently from our system, you can contact us by emailing us at support(at)Our WEBSITEAlong with ticket do provide us with your EU citizenship proof to get your info deleted permanently.

Do Not Track

“Do not track” refers to a feature that is aimed at limiting targeting and tracking of web browsing behavior by various web services. Our WEBSITEdoes not make use of anything like this.

Tracking may be disabled by any user through the use of the browser’s built-in cookie handling mechanism. Cookies are typically stored on your computer or device when a website is visited and may contain information such as site preferences or login status.

This cookie is used to help determine use of the site. The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifiable information.

Your acceptance of these terms

By using this Site, you indicate your acceptance to these policies. If you do not agree, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these policies will be considered as your acceptance of those changes.

Information collected from this website
When you visit a website of Our WEBSITE, we may collect the following information from you: domain name, your name, information you volunteer such as email addresses. We may also collect statistical data, such as the date and times of visits as well as the number and pages viewed by each visitor, which is utilized to evaluate the performance and usefulness of our website.

Email usage
While we take care that the personal information you give us on our websites is protected, the Internet is not a secure environment. If you send us information, including your email address, it is sent at your own risk. Our websites do not capture email addresses without your permission. If, however, you provide your email address to us, it may be used by Our WEBSITEto send you information relating to our and related products and services. If we send you an email which you do not wish to receive in the future, please use the unsubscribe link or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of that email or notify us and your email address will be removed from our system.

Private information security
Our WEBSITEtakes all reasonable security measures to protect personal information from loss, unauthorized access, destruction, misuse, modification or disclosure. For your safety and protection, your credit card information is not stored on our servers. Our payment gateway provider PayPal keeps this information encrypted and secure on your behalf. We do not, however, accept any responsibility for the unauthorized access of personal information held by Our WEBSITE. You may be able to access external websites by clicking on links we have provided. Those other websites are not subject to the privacy standards of Our WEBSITEand we are not responsible for their privacy practices or the content of such other websites. You should contact those websites directly to ascertain their privacy standards, policies and procedures.

3rd party disclosure
Personal details, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without the consent of the customer, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested by the customer.

 

Contacting us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us using contact@designactiv.com